What do you do in your free time?
What do you do in your free time? ¿
Listo?
What do you do, what do you do in your
free time?
Dilo conmigo.
What do you do, again, otra vez, muy
bien, what do you do, el do, what do you
do, pretty good, excellent.
Y ahora, in your free time, ¿Listo?
Nos pegamos.
What do you do in your free time?
Repite, pretty good, again, what do you
do in your free time?
Excellent, what do you do in your free time?
Answer, I read, yo leo, muy bien, listen
to music, escucho música, and talk to
friends, hablo con amigos, ok, pretty good.
So, dilo conmigo, I read, pretty good,
excellent, otro, I listen to music, nice,
nice, última, I talk to friends, repeat,
pretty good, excellent.